
what is flow psychology?
Flow  is state of mind,where the person is totally immersed in the act without  being aware of surrounding.
The person enjoys the activity in which he/she is involved in,
since he/she has goal to achieve & a  activity about which they are passionate & are devoted to.
The person does not find any difficulty or any barriers between them & goal.                        
When the people are involved in the activity they won’t be disturbed by the other things that are not related to their work,
they won’t get distracted by other 
thoughts they have total control on their mind.
If we are interested in playing games  we won’t
Feel tired ,we don’t care about others’ comments & we will 
Find some kind of joy & relaxation in that



(2)

what is emotional awareness?
Emotional awareness is the ability to recognise and make sense of not just your own emotions, but also those of others.
Example: You are in a room. Another person enters.
At first you don't see them, but maybe you realize there is a new noise. 
You turn and then you see the person and become aware they are in the room.
Through thought, our feelings can point us to the  causes of our negative feelings and to possible solutions.
But if we fail to acknowledge our negative feelings, 
won't be able to focus our attention on the problem that needs to be solved.
Many people try to stop themselves from feeling their negative emotions. They may use drugs and alcohol.
They may use entertainment and distraction. They may also try to simply deny the existence of their negative feelings.
Even education, memorization, intellectual or religious pursuits can serve to stop us from acknowledging our feelings.
The more we are aware of our feelings, the better chance we have of predicting how we will feel in the future. 
When we know how we feel we know what we enjoy doing and who we enjoy doing it with. We know who we feel safe with, 
who we feel accepted by and understood by. 




(3)

what is cognitive disonance?
it is a psychological state,where a person experiences mental stress
understands the situation,and tries to find a way for the problem



(4)

what is mindfulness?
Mindfulness is the psychological process of bringing one's attention to experiences occurring in the present moment.
Mindfulness means maintaining a moment-by-moment awareness of our thoughts, feelings,
bodily sensations, and surrounding environment, through a gentle, nurturing lens.
Mindfulness also involves acceptance,
meaning that we pay attention to our thoughts and feelings without judging them—without believing,
for instance, that there’s a “right” or “wrong” way to think or feel in a given moment.
When we practice mindfulness, our thoughts tune into what we’re sensing
in the present moment rather than rehashing the past or imagining the future.



(5)

what is metacognitive awareness?
Metacognition is "cognition about cognition", "thinking about thinking", 
"knowing about knowing", becoming "aware of one's awareness" and higher-order thinking skills.
The term comes from the root word meta, meaning "beyond".[1] Metacognition can take many forms; 
it includes knowledge about when and how to use particular strategies for learning or proble
This concept needs to be explicitly taught along with content instruction. 
Metacognitive knowledge is about one's own cognitive processes and the understanding of 
how to regulate those processes to maximize learning. 
Metacognitive knowledge (also called metacognitive awareness) is what individuals know about themselves 
and others as cognitive processors.
